Previously on
Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS
(Operator A)
Gore's squad has
found Playmaker.
But he's not alone.
(Zaizen sighs)
(Zaizen)
It's him again.
They're still on our tail.
I'm just here for one thing.
And that thing is a duel.
I'll handle The Gore
and you go on ahead.
(Soulburner)
Hey Gore!
(Gore grunts)
I'm a big fan!
(Gore groans)
Hey watch your speedin',
ya crazy schlub!
(chuckles)
If you don't mind,
I'd prefer it if you
called me Soulburner.
I don't care
what you want!
You're interfering with my
business of capturing an Ignis!
But I have an Ignis too, Gore.
And a superior
one at that.
What?
You have an Ignis?
(grunts)
Let's Speed Duel!
(Gore)
I Link Summon!
Link 3 DINOWRESTLER
KING T WREXTLE!
(computer chirping)
(Gore)
Soulburner is forcin' me
to duel at the top of my game.
Must be cuz he went through the
Lost Incident like Playmaker.
(Gore)
KING T WREXTLE!
(roaring)
Attack HEATLEO!
(electronic whirring)
(Soulburner groans)
(timer beeping)
(Gore)
Face it, burner boy.
You thought you
were gonna stop me
but you ain't nothing
more than a speed bump.
Cuz I got my sights
on bigger game--
And you ain't Playmaker.
You better watch out!
Cuz here I come!
(electronic whirring)
(Police Radio)
Captain, we found the children!
They're all safe and sound!
(ambulance siren)
(Emergency team)
Hey kiddo.
You have a name?
Theodore.
Theodore Hamilton.
(Emergency team)
Okay Theodore,
you're in good hands now.
Where's my mom?
And dad?
(Emergency team)
Don't worry about that.
Just try to relax.
(Theodore)
Okay.
♪♪♪
Theodore!
Grandpoppy, it's so
good to see you!
Huh?
♪♪♪
I'm so glad you're okay.
Why wouldn't I be?
Yes, you're right.
I spoke with your doctor
and you can leave in two
shakes of a lamb's tail.
Yay!
I can't wait to see
mom and dad!
Uh...
(Theodore)
Where are they?
(groans)
(gasps)
(leaves rustling)
(whooshing)
(computer chirping)
Just because you
happen to have the lead
doesn't mean you
can hold on to it!
(grunts)
(Soulburner)
I activate the
spell LINK FIRE'S RETURN!
It lets me summon a
SALAMANGREAT Link Monster
from my graveyard, so rise up
SALAMANGREAT HEATLEO!
(roaring)
(computer chirping)
(Soulburner)
But that's only part one.
Part two says you take
200 points of damage
for every one of
HEATLEO's Links.
(Soulburner)
Since it has three,
you take 600 points of damage!
(blasting)
(timer beeping)
I always thought you
were the best, Gore.
Better than any
duelist I ever saw.
But I guess that's why they say
you should never
meet your heroes.
Cuz in the end
they can only disappoint you.
♪♪♪
Any news on Playmaker ‘s
whereabouts?
(Operator C)
He's flying so fast
we're barely able
to keep track of him.
(Operator C)
Unless Gore defeats
this Soulburner soon,
Playmaker will get away.
♪♪♪
I don't recall asking
to be your hero
or asking you to hang
my poster on your wall.
That's cause you
didn't have to.
And how did you know about
the poster on my wall?
(Flame)
Look out!
(blasting)
That blast wasn't
a part of this duel.
Hey!
What's up with the sneaky
sneak attacks, you cheater?
What did you call me?
(Flame)
A cheater,
one who schemes to
gain an unfair advantage.
Or in other words--
you.
You can call Gore
a lotta things
but a cheater ain't one of ‘em.
I don't know where
that attack came from.
♪♪♪
(Hayami)
If Zaizen fails this mission,
he's going to get demoted again.
And I can't let that happen!
Time to bring this duel
to a premature end!
♪♪♪
(beep)
Time to bring this duel
to a premature end!
(giggling)
♪♪♪
(beep)
(shooting)
(grunts)
The Gore needs no one's help!
(whooshing)
(blasting)
(screams)
Hayami, did you do something?
Umm...
maybe.
Hayami
I-I just didn't want to
see you demoted again.
(crying)
Please don't
hate me and shun me
and call off our future wedding!
Did you say wedding?
What wedding?
(Operator B)
Sir!
(Hayami)
Never mind.
(Operator B)
Gore is okay!
(computer beeps)
(Operator A)
No significant
damage detected.
It's not right to interfere
in their duel, Hayami.
Am I making myself clear?
(Hayami)
Yes sir.
Even if you did have
the best of intentions.
Well, just another embarrassing
story for our grandkids.
♪♪♪
Hmm...
So, I guess Gore really wasn't
the one responsible
for launching
those rouge attacks on us.
Yeah, Gore may say
that he's changed
but he may not be as
different as he thinks--
except for that unitard.
Whattya say
we get back to duelin'?
Bring it on!
All right then!
I activate
SALAMANGREAT SANCTUARY!
(grunts)
This Field Spell lets me
use a SALAMANGREAT Link Monster
I have in play to Link
Summon another copy
of that exact same monster!
I blaze the circuit
that scorches the
path to the future!
I set SALAMANGREAT HEATLEO
in the Link Arrow!
Reincarnation Link Summon!
(blasting)
Rise again from
the valley of flames
SALAMANGREAT HEATLEO!
(roaring)
(computer chirping)
Why would ya summon
the same monster again?
Because that move I made
triggers its special ability!
SALAMANGREAT HEATLEO can now
change your monster's
attack points to become
the same as one
that's in my graveyard.
(Soulburner)
Your KING T WREXTLE
is mighty-mighty
but not so much when it drops
to SALAMANGREAT MEER'S
800 attack points!
(timer beeping)
That is no way for
you to treat a king!
Like some jabroni!
Well, I did!
“Well I did? ”
Burn I guess.
Um, do you have a problem
with my trash talkin' Flame?
While you had
the framework for both
“trash ” and “talk ”,
your execution
was lackluster.
Uh, shouldn't you
be taking notes?
Well, talk all the trash you
want cuz in the end
I'm the one who'll be
takin' out the trash!
Ooh! Now see that was
excellent trash talking.
You should take notes.
No need!
Hold it!
KING T WREXTLE's
ability lets me choose
which monster you
attack with first!
And that monster's gonna be
JACK JAGUAR!
Whoop-dee-do.
My monster's still
stronger than his anyway.
That is true,
but he's minimized
(computer chirping)
the damage he'll take.
Due to his Field Spell
WORLD DINO WRESTLING
we can only attack with
one monster per turn.
And if you don't attack,
then your precious
little JACK JAGUAR
will be automatically destroyed.
Well then, easy choice.
SALAMANGREAT JACK
JAGUAR take out
DINOWRESTLER KING T WREXTLE!
That ain't happenin' on my watch
cuz when my DINOWRESTLER battles
a monster with
more attack points,
I can discard DINOWRESTLER
MARTIAL ANKYLO
from my hand to stop it
from being destroyed!
So pounce your filthy paws
back to your side of the ring!
But you still take
battle damage Gore!
(timer beeping)
(electric chirping)
But after the battle is over,
well bub, MARTIAL
ANKYLO's ability
cuts your monster's
attack points in half.
(timer beeping)
Well that is so not cool at all.
Especially cuz my HEATLEO's
ability also runs out,
so your KING's back to
3,000 attack point.
(timer beeping)
(Soulburner)
His new DINOWRESTLER deck
kinda has us
pinned down, Flame.
(Flame)
That's true.
But looking from an
alternate point of view,
being behind gives
us an opportunity
to make a huge comeback
which is obviously
much more impressive.
Yeah, I remember someone
who was pretty
good at doing that.
Heh!
But I learned that being
ahead is much, much better.
I know you actually
don't believe that.
Then you don't
know nothing at all.
(Gore)
Soulburner has two
monsters on his field.
HEATLEO with 2,300 attack points
and JACK JAGUAR with 900.
Meanwhile, my KING
T WREXTLE's stronger
than dem both with
3,000 attack points.
If this was back during
the celebrity circuit,
I'd take out his HEATLEO
cuz that's the stronger
monster of the two.
That wouldn't get me the W,
but it'd be awesome.
But I left that all behind.
Now that I'm a bounty hunter,
I don't need to
entertain nobody!
I just gotta go for the win!
All right!
DINOWRESTLER KING T WREXTLE
tan SALAMANGREAT
JACK JAGUAR's hide!
♪♪♪
And WORLD DINO
WRESTLING's effect
raises my KING's
attack points by 200!
(timer beeping)
(whooshing)
(Gore)
By dealing 2,300
points of damage,
your life points are extinct!
No, they aren't,
thanks to my SALAMANGREAT
SANCTUARY's effect!
(whooshing)
By paying 1,000 life points
(timer beeping)
I can take HEATLEO'S
2,300 attack points and poof!
(timer beeping)
Transform them into life points
to power myself up.
(timer beeping)
Pretty amazing right?
(blasting)
(Soulburner groans)
(timer beeping)
(Gore grunts)
You just refuse ta go down
for the three count, don't ya!
Course not.
Would you?
(Gore's AI) With the
conclusion of the battle
KING T WREXTLE's attack
returns to its original points.
(timer beeping)
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But when KING T WREXTLE
deals him damage,
even if it ain't as
much as I wanted,
I can summon DINOWRESTLER
RAMBRACHIO in defense mode.
(computer chirping)
(Gore)
RAMBRACHIO has a special ability
that X's out all
other special abilities
that are used against
my DINOWRESTLERS.
So if Soulburner's
got the hankerin'
to use his HEATLEO again
to weaken my KING T WREXTLE,
he's in for a rude awakenin'!
I'm done.
So it looks like it's
your turn, spongecake.
Gore, you know the real
Gore you left behind
so you could dress up
like a visor-wearing pickle?
♪♪♪
You may have
forgotten who he is,
but I won't.
Cuz if it wasn't for him,
I wouldn't be here.
And if I was able
to make it this far,
I'm not gonna let anyone stop me
from getting any further,
and that includes you!
♪♪♪
(Fisherman)
Oh, I think I saw
him at the end of the pier.
♪♪♪
(Kiku)
Teddy.
♪♪♪
(Kiku)
Finally.
♪♪♪
(Kiku)
There he is!
♪♪♪
(Theodore)
Playmaker...
Blue Angel...
And The Gore.
Those three fought
against the Knights
of Hanoi all by themselves...
while I've been
here doing nothing.
Nothing at all.
♪♪♪
Hey!
Hello!
♪♪♪
Uh, Teddy,
I know you're the
smartest in our class,
but it doesn't mean you can
just decide to skip school.
(Theodore)
But isn't today Saturday?
(Kiku)
It's WEDNESDAY!
You're off by like
THREE days!
Oops, my bad.
Seriously?
Well, don't worry.
I took notes for you.
You know, for such a smart guy
you sure have your
head in the clouds.
(chuckles)
Only cuz it makes reaching
for the stars easier.
Huh?
(seagulls squawking)
Kiku,
I think I'm gonna need you
to keep taking notes for me.
What? I'm not your personal
assistant, you know!
I just have to leave
town for a little bit.
To take care of something
that needs taking care of.
Could you be any more cryptic?
What something do
you need to do?
Just a lil' thing that
started a long time ago.
♪♪♪
But also something I should've
taken care of a long time ago.
Whatever it is,
it's important to you,
so I'm not going to
stop you, Theodore.
Not that I can.
However, I'm not gonna
be taking notes for you.
(Kiku)
Did you forget that
next week is semester break?
Oh wait,
of course you did.
Thanks a bunch, Kiku.
See ya.
(Soulburner)
I realized that I didn't
beat the Lost Incident--
I survived it.
♪♪♪
I didn't do anything to
prevent another one,
or any other horrible thing
that Varis and the Knights
of Hanoi were up to.
While I wasn't fighting them,
YOU were.
And as far as I know,
you didn't even have anything
to do with the Lost Incident!
You were fighting them because
it was the right thing to do.
And I should have
been there alongside of you.
Soulburner, you shouldn't
be so hard on yourself.
But I should've been
the one fighting them.
(Grandfather)
Starting today,
you'll be living here with us.
But why can't I live at home?
From now on this will
be your home, dear.
(Soulburner)
I had no idea the
weight those words
would have on my life.
♪♪♪
(Grandfather)
When you went missing,
your parents went
out to search for you,
but they never returned.
They've gone missing.
I'm so sorry, Theodore.
We've searched and searched.
But we were unable to find them.
♪♪♪
(Grandmother crying)
(Soulburner)
But better late than never
to do the right thing.
♪♪♪
Even though I never expected
that my hero
would be the first one
I'd have to fight.
I use my Skill!
(blazing fire)
By lowering my
life points to 100,
I can draw a card for every
thousand life points
that I sacrificed!
Bring the heat, Soulburner!
You know it!
Go Burning Draw!
I activate my spell card
RISE OF THE SALAMANGREAT!
I can Ritual Summon
a SALAMANGREAT
by tributing monsters that are
in my hand or on my field.
But there's
another option
if we have a SALAMANGREAT
Link Monster in play.
Instead of tributing monsters,
I can return SALAMANGREATS
that are in my graveyard
to my deck instead.
I return Level 4
SALAMANGREAT FALCO
and JACK JAGUAR to my deck!
♪♪♪
(Gore grunts)
I Ritual Summon!
Ignite!
(blazing fire)
♪♪♪
SALAMANGREAT EMERALD EAGLE!
(computer chirping)
That pigeon's got
less attack points
than my KING T WREXTLE.
Don't really see how
that should scare me.
Oh yeah?
Well then,
maybe you need a new visor.
Say what?
I activate SALAMANGREAT
EMERALD EAGLE's special ability!
♪♪♪
And it then forces me to tribute
my SALAMANGREAT HEATLEO!
(blast)
And why exactly
would ya send your
best monster to the graveyard?
He appears confused.
Well,
then let's do him
a solid and clear it up.
Your KING T WREXTLE is stronger.
But none of that matters,
because EMERALD EAGLE's ability
automatically destroys it.
And you'll also be taking damage
equal to KING T WREXTLE's
attack points, Gore!
Oh no!
Now go,
Emerald Overload!
♪♪♪
(blasting)
(Gore groans)
(timer beeping)
(blasting)
(Gore groans)
(timer beeping)
♪♪♪
(crying)
No.
♪♪♪
(Gore groans)
Ugh! I lost.
(groans)
(Soulburner)
Gore.
(sighs)
♪♪♪
(Gore grunts)
C'mon, Gore, I don't
have the cooties.
I know you want
to win this duel.
I mean who doesn't, right?
But you really want to win.
And I get it.
But here's the thing--
I really want to
win this duel too.
Cuz there's something I've
been fighting for for years,
and I can't stop
‘til I get there.
So if you're in my way,
I'm gonna get you out of my way.
You done with your two cents?
Then let me give you mine.
When the old Gore
got knocked down,
not only would he get back up,
but he'd get back up
bigger and badder.
And so does this Gore.
But that's the only
thing that's same
about me and my prequel.
So watch your back, Soulburner.
(electric chirping)
(sighs)
That was more like a dollar
than just two cents.
Can't help but notice that
you waited to say that
until after he left.
Of course.
That would be unwise.
I'm not Ai, you know.
(Ai)
I should've said
“At least I don't have to
overclock my CPU, Flame ”"
That woulda stung him!
And yet you didn't, did you?
(Ai groans)
(Playmaker)
Just focus on our task at hand.
We're approaching
Kolter's coordinates.
♪♪♪
Okay, buddy,
once you get close
to the target zone
you're gonna be
on the look out for
some sort of access portal.
(Ai groans)
I suddenly got a case
of the heebie jeebies.
Yes.
I sense something too.
Aww no!
When your Link Sense
starts acting up,
it's never any good!
♪♪♪
(shooting)
(whooshing)
♪♪♪
I found you, Playmaker.
And this time
you won't escape
til I cash in my bounty.
♪♪♪